## Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?
The primary goal was to create an event-tracking and scheduling app that provides a user-friendly layout. 
## What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
My home screen exists to provide easy navigation around the app. A nav tab would have been excellent to implement, but I did not have any ideas of what to put in the Home screen if I implemented that. Users also have an easily accessible "map" of the app with this screen. A calendar screen is provided to help users, first and foremost, remember what day it currently is and what day their event is scheduled for.
## How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future?
I approached the process by beginning with the layout and heading into the functionality later. I updated the layout as more ideas grew in the coding process. My first challenge was the Calendar screen. I used several videos to help me understand the different resources I could use to implement this feature, including a weekly, daily, and hourly view. I then had to understand exactly what each calendar and event feature did so that I could update other features of my app, such as the list of events and database. I would like to create a properly functioning database for events, which will require more studying of my code and how to simplify it.
## How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal?
I tested by running the code over and over with several Toast messages in place to notify me about the code succeeding or failing. While these messages are not necessary for the finished product, they work as an excellent debugging tool. They can also stay in place to notify users if the app suddenly runs into a bug that prevents them from adding or updating an event. 
## Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
My biggest challenge was making the events globally visible across the app. I had to re-learn how an arraylist works, understand what my adapter classes were there for, and overall learn from my code rather than just reading or watching videos about it. I innovated by making the eventslist viewable at all times, rather than from opening the calendar, something that caused an app crash previously. 
## In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
All of this was completely new to me, but I can say that I built on all of these factors in the process. I gained the knowledge to work with Android Studio and products, I grew my skills of thinking like a programmer, and I gained the experience of creating my first mobile app.
